now the Lord spoke to Moses saying speak
now the Lord spoke to Moses saying speak to the children of Israel saying if a
to the children of Israel saying if a
to the children of Israel saying if a person sins unintentionally against any
person sins unintentionally against any
person sins unintentionally against any of the commandments of the Lord in
of the commandments of the Lord in
of the commandments of the Lord in anything which ought not to be done and
anything which ought not to be done and
anything which ought not to be done and does any of them if the anointed priest
does any of them if the anointed priest
does any of them if the anointed priest sins bringing guilt on the people then
sins bringing guilt on the people then
sins bringing guilt on the people then let him offer to the Lord for his sin
let him offer to the Lord for his sin
let him offer to the Lord for his sin which he has sinned a young bull without
which he has sinned a young bull without
which he has sinned a young bull without blemish as a sin offering he shall bring
blemish as a sin offering he shall bring
blemish as a sin offering he shall bring the ball to the door of the tabernacle
the ball to the door of the tabernacle
the ball to the door of the tabernacle of meeting before the Lord lay his hand
of meeting before the Lord lay his hand
of meeting before the Lord lay his hand on the Bulls head and kill the bull
on the Bulls head and kill the bull
on the Bulls head and kill the bull before the Lord then the anointed priest
before the Lord then the anointed priest
before the Lord then the anointed priest shall take some of the Bulls blood and
shall take some of the Bulls blood and
shall take some of the Bulls blood and bring it to the tabernacle of meeting
bring it to the tabernacle of meeting
bring it to the tabernacle of meeting the priest shall dip his finger in the
the priest shall dip his finger in the
the priest shall dip his finger in the blood and sprinkle some of the blood
blood and sprinkle some of the blood
blood and sprinkle some of the blood seven times before the Lord in front of
seven times before the Lord in front of
seven times before the Lord in front of the veil of the sanctuary and the priest
the veil of the sanctuary and the priest
the veil of the sanctuary and the priest shall put some of the blood on the horns
shall put some of the blood on the horns
shall put some of the blood on the horns of the altar of sweet incense before the
of the altar of sweet incense before the
of the altar of sweet incense before the Lord which is in the tabernacle of
Lord which is in the tabernacle of
Lord which is in the tabernacle of meeting and he shall pour the remaining
meeting and he shall pour the remaining
meeting and he shall pour the remaining blood of the bull at the base of the
blood of the bull at the base of the
blood of the bull at the base of the altar of the burnt offering which is at
altar of the burnt offering which is at
altar of the burnt offering which is at the door of the tabernacle of meeting he
the door of the tabernacle of meeting he
the door of the tabernacle of meeting he shall take from it all the fat of the
shall take from it all the fat of the
shall take from it all the fat of the ball as the sin offer the fat that
ball as the sin offer the fat that
ball as the sin offer the fat that covers the entrails and all the fat
covers the entrails and all the fat
covers the entrails and all the fat which is on the entrance the two kidneys
which is on the entrance the two kidneys
which is on the entrance the two kidneys and the fat that is on them by the
and the fat that is on them by the
and the fat that is on them by the flanks and the fatty lobe attached to
flanks and the fatty lobe attached to
flanks and the fatty lobe attached to the liver above the kidneys he shall
the liver above the kidneys he shall
the liver above the kidneys he shall remove as it was taken from the bull of
remove as it was taken from the bull of
remove as it was taken from the bull of the sacrifice of the peace offering and
the sacrifice of the peace offering and
the sacrifice of the peace offering and the priest shall burn
the priest shall burn
the priest shall burn on the altar of the burnt offering but
on the altar of the burnt offering but
on the altar of the burnt offering but the Bulls hind and all its flesh with
the Bulls hind and all its flesh with
the Bulls hind and all its flesh with its head and legs its entrails and awful
its head and legs its entrails and awful
its head and legs its entrails and awful the Holborn he shall carry outside the
the Holborn he shall carry outside the
the Holborn he shall carry outside the camp to a clean place where the ashes
camp to a clean place where the ashes
camp to a clean place where the ashes are poured out and burn it on wood with
are poured out and burn it on wood with
are poured out and burn it on wood with fire where the ashes are poured out it
fire where the ashes are poured out it
fire where the ashes are poured out it shall be burned
shall be burned
shall be burned now if the whole congregation of Israel
now if the whole congregation of Israel
now if the whole congregation of Israel sins unintentionally and the thing is
sins unintentionally and the thing is
sins unintentionally and the thing is hidden from the eyes of the Assembly and
hidden from the eyes of the Assembly and
hidden from the eyes of the Assembly and they have done something against any of
they have done something against any of
they have done something against any of the commandments of the Lord in anything
the commandments of the Lord in anything
the commandments of the Lord in anything which should not be done and are guilty
which should not be done and are guilty
which should not be done and are guilty when the sin which they have committed
when the sin which they have committed
when the sin which they have committed becomes known then the Assembly shall
becomes known then the Assembly shall
becomes known then the Assembly shall offer a young bull for the sin and bring
offer a young bull for the sin and bring
offer a young bull for the sin and bring it before the tabernacle of meeting and
it before the tabernacle of meeting and
it before the tabernacle of meeting and the elders of the congregation shall lay
the elders of the congregation shall lay
the elders of the congregation shall lay their hands on the head of the bull
their hands on the head of the bull
their hands on the head of the bull before the Lord then the bull shall be
before the Lord then the bull shall be
before the Lord then the bull shall be killed before the Lord the anointed
killed before the Lord the anointed
killed before the Lord the anointed priest shall bring some of the Bulls
priest shall bring some of the Bulls
priest shall bring some of the Bulls blood to the tabernacle of meeting then
blood to the tabernacle of meeting then
blood to the tabernacle of meeting then the priest shall dip his finger in the
the priest shall dip his finger in the
the priest shall dip his finger in the blood and sprinkle it seven times before
blood and sprinkle it seven times before
blood and sprinkle it seven times before the Lord in front of the vain and he
the Lord in front of the vain and he
the Lord in front of the vain and he shall put some of the blood on the horns
shall put some of the blood on the horns
shall put some of the blood on the horns of the altar which is before the Lord
of the altar which is before the Lord
of the altar which is before the Lord which is in the tabernacle of meeting
which is in the tabernacle of meeting
which is in the tabernacle of meeting and he shall pour the remaining blood at
and he shall pour the remaining blood at
and he shall pour the remaining blood at the base of the altar of burnt-offering
the base of the altar of burnt-offering
the base of the altar of burnt-offering which is at the door of the tabernacle
which is at the door of the tabernacle
which is at the door of the tabernacle of meeting he shall take all the fat
of meeting he shall take all the fat
of meeting he shall take all the fat from it and burn it on the altar and he
from it and burn it on the altar and he
from it and burn it on the altar and he shall do with the ball as he did with
shall do with the ball as he did with
shall do with the ball as he did with the bull as a sin offering
the bull as a sin offering
the bull as a sin offering thus he shall do with it so the priest
thus he shall do with it so the priest
thus he shall do with it so the priest shall make atonement for him and it
shall make atonement for him and it
shall make atonement for him and it shall be forgiven then he shall carry
shall be forgiven then he shall carry
shall be forgiven then he shall carry the ball outside the camp and burn it as
the ball outside the camp and burn it as
the ball outside the camp and burn it as he burned the first ball it is a sin
he burned the first ball it is a sin
he burned the first ball it is a sin offering for the Assembly when a ruler
offering for the Assembly when a ruler
offering for the Assembly when a ruler has sinned and done something
has sinned and done something
has sinned and done something unintentionally against any of the
unintentionally against any of the
unintentionally against any of the commandments of the Lord his God in
commandments of the Lord his God in
commandments of the Lord his God in anything which should not be done and is
anything which should not be done and is
anything which should not be done and is guilty or if his sin which he has
guilty or if his sin which he has
guilty or if his sin which he has committed comes to his knowledge he
committed comes to his knowledge he
committed comes to his knowledge he shall bring as his offering a kid of the
shall bring as his offering a kid of the
shall bring as his offering a kid of the goats a male without blemish and he
goats a male without blemish and he
goats a male without blemish and he shall lay his hand on the head of the
shall lay his hand on the head of the
shall lay his hand on the head of the goat and kill it at the place where they
goat and kill it at the place where they
goat and kill it at the place where they killed the burnt offering before the
killed the burnt offering before the
killed the burnt offering before the Lord it is a sin offering the priest
Lord it is a sin offering the priest
Lord it is a sin offering the priest shall take some of the blood of the sin
shall take some of the blood of the sin
shall take some of the blood of the sin offering with his finger put it on the
offering with his finger put it on the
offering with his finger put it on the horns of the altar of burnt-offering
horns of the altar of burnt-offering
horns of the altar of burnt-offering and pour its blood at the base of the
and pour its blood at the base of the
and pour its blood at the base of the altar of burnt-offering and he shall
altar of burnt-offering and he shall
altar of burnt-offering and he shall burn all its fat on the altar like the
burn all its fat on the altar like the
burn all its fat on the altar like the fat of the sacrifice of the peace
fat of the sacrifice of the peace
fat of the sacrifice of the peace offering so the priest shall make
offering so the priest shall make
offering so the priest shall make atonement for him concerning his sin and
atonement for him concerning his sin and
atonement for him concerning his sin and it shall be forgiven him if any one of
it shall be forgiven him if any one of
it shall be forgiven him if any one of the common people sins unintentionally
the common people sins unintentionally
the common people sins unintentionally by doing something against any of the
by doing something against any of the
by doing something against any of the commandments of the Lord in anything
commandments of the Lord in anything
commandments of the Lord in anything which ought not to be done and is guilty
which ought not to be done and is guilty
which ought not to be done and is guilty or if his sin which he has committed
or if his sin which he has committed
or if his sin which he has committed comes to his knowledge then he shall
comes to his knowledge then he shall
comes to his knowledge then he shall bring us his offering a kid of the goats
bring us his offering a kid of the goats
bring us his offering a kid of the goats a female without blemish for his sin
a female without blemish for his sin
a female without blemish for his sin which he has committed and he shall lay
which he has committed and he shall lay
which he has committed and he shall lay his hand on the head of the sin offering
his hand on the head of the sin offering
his hand on the head of the sin offering and kill the sin offering of the place
and kill the sin offering of the place
and kill the sin offering of the place of the burnt offering then the priest
of the burnt offering then the priest
of the burnt offering then the priest shall take some of its blood with his
shall take some of its blood with his
shall take some of its blood with his finger put it on the horns of the altar
finger put it on the horns of the altar
finger put it on the horns of the altar of burnt-offering
of burnt-offering
of burnt-offering and pour all the remaining blood at the
and pour all the remaining blood at the
and pour all the remaining blood at the base of the altar he shall remove all
base of the altar he shall remove all
base of the altar he shall remove all its fat as fat is removed from the
its fat as fat is removed from the
its fat as fat is removed from the sacrifice of the peace offering and the
sacrifice of the peace offering and the
sacrifice of the peace offering and the priest shall burn it on the altar for a
priest shall burn it on the altar for a
priest shall burn it on the altar for a sweet aroma to the Lord so the priest
sweet aroma to the Lord so the priest
sweet aroma to the Lord so the priest shall make atonement for him and it
shall make atonement for him and it
shall make atonement for him and it shall be forgiven
shall be forgiven
shall be forgiven if he brings a lamb as his sin-offering
if he brings a lamb as his sin-offering
if he brings a lamb as his sin-offering he shall bring a female without blemish
he shall bring a female without blemish
he shall bring a female without blemish then he shall lay his hand on the head
then he shall lay his hand on the head
then he shall lay his hand on the head of the sin offering and kill it as a sin
of the sin offering and kill it as a sin
of the sin offering and kill it as a sin offering at the place where they kill
offering at the place where they kill
offering at the place where they kill the burnt offering the priest shall take
the burnt offering the priest shall take
the burnt offering the priest shall take some of the blood of the sin offering
some of the blood of the sin offering
some of the blood of the sin offering with his finger put it on the horns of
with his finger put it on the horns of
with his finger put it on the horns of the altar of burnt-offering and pour all
the altar of burnt-offering and pour all
the altar of burnt-offering and pour all the remaining blood at the base of the
the remaining blood at the base of the
the remaining blood at the base of the altar he shall remove all its fat as the
altar he shall remove all its fat as the
altar he shall remove all its fat as the fat of the lamb is removed from the
fat of the lamb is removed from the
fat of the lamb is removed from the sacrifice of the peace offering then the
sacrifice of the peace offering then the
sacrifice of the peace offering then the priest shall burn it on the altar
priest shall burn it on the altar
priest shall burn it on the altar according to the offerings made by fire
according to the offerings made by fire
according to the offerings made by fire to the Lord so the priest shall make
to the Lord so the priest shall make
to the Lord so the priest shall make atonement for his sin that he has
atonement for his sin that he has
atonement for his sin that he has committed and it shall be forgiven him